[Alerting][Docs] Reformatting rule types docs (#101420)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/rule-types.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[rule-types]]
== Rule types

A rule is a set of <<alerting-concepts-conditions, conditions>>, <<alerting-concepts-scheduling, schedules>>, and <<alerting-concepts-actions, actions>> that enable notifications. {kib} provides two types of rules:  rules specific to the Elastic Stack and rules specific to a domain.

[NOTE]
==============================================
Some rule types are subscription features, while others are free features.
For a comparison of the Elastic subscription levels,
see {subscriptions}[the subscription page].
==============================================

[float]
[[stack-rules]]
=== Stack rules

> Stack rules are built into {kib}.  To access the *Stack Rules* feature and create and edit rules, users require the `all` privilege. See <<kibana-feature-privileges, feature privileges>> for more information.

Author: @gchaps Is there a more specific feature privilege link you were thinking of? This links to feature privileges in general and I don't see a specific section for Stack Rules

> Stack rules are built into {kib}.  To access the *Stack Rules* feature and create and edit rules, users require the `all` privilege. See <<kibana-feature-privileges, feature privileges>> for more information.

Reviewer: I was thinking of linking "Stack Rules" to this page:  https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/alert-management.html

> Stack rules are built into {kib}.  To access the *Stack Rules* feature and create and edit rules, users require the `all` privilege. See <<kibana-feature-privileges, feature privileges>> for more information.

Author: Added link

[cols="2*<"]
|===

| <<rule-type-index-threshold>>

> | Aggregate field values from documents using {es} queries, compares them to threshold values, and schedules actions to run when the thresholds are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aggregate field values from documents using {es} queries, compare them to threshold values, and schedule actions to run when the thresholds are met.
```

Reviewer: sorry I didn't catch this before

| <<rule-type-es-query>>

> | Run a user-configured {es} query, compares the number of matches to a configured threshold, and schedules actions to run when the threshold condition is met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Run a user-configured {es} query, compare the number of matches to a configured threshold, and schedule actions to run when the threshold condition is met.
```
